31M-platform-suspend-and-resume.md: +note about PIKVM unable to wake dut (#925)
Dasharo/docs: docs/unified-test-documentation/dasharo-compatibility/31M-platform-suspend-and-resume.md

    ```

1. Wait 15 seconds.

> 1. Press any key on the keyboard to resume the system. (PiKVM does not support
> weaking from suspend state)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Press any key on the keyboard to resume the system. (Physical keyboard must be used, PiKVM does not support
waking from suspend state)
```

Maybe also add a link to the PiKVM documentation that mentions that it is disabled by default.
